[Music]
jontron
so do you think you could run that whole
thing by me one more time about where
the light goes or whatever it is
everything the light touches is our
kingdom say it again say it to my
[__] face while bootlegging fossa
you sure do suck and I wish I never
invited you over I think your friend
bootlegs a zoo over there you might want
to check it out you got first day buddy
Tallyho I've come bearing news from the
higher ups please advise thanks you will
never know my suffering forever trapped
inside this robotic host alright that's
great Jack I'll see you later
what do we have here oh look at that a
cease and desist from Disney yeah that's
probably about right all right you two
get the hell out of my house it's over
well unfortunately Disney's lawyers
could get to me a little too easily but
I'll tell you what is much farther away
from US jurisdiction and far better at
Disney bootlegging China such examples
of their bootleggers II include bear of
the interest the self purported baby's
toy and also high-class weapon who farts
is a very well-known catchphrase please
play under the adult inspector to
protect I don't pretend everyone knows
that one chance I'm interested miss bear
yes even a company like Disney who is
well known to be so very protective of
its brands wasn't exempt from the video
game bootlegging phenomenon much to
their dismay these games as usual take
all forms and are generally cobbled
together producing hilarious results
much at a time
so let's have ourselves on first off
let's have a look at some bootlegs based
on the Lion King films starting with
quite simply a game called The Lion King
hmm copyright the Walt Disney Company
well at least they were nice enough to
attribute it to the right people that
[Music]
music I don't think that's the Lion King
Mowgli
begins his journey through the lion to
find the man village
Mowgli hunt the true true - hole 9 huh
so Mowgli's head is down here why is
this just the jungle book this is just
the jungle book game for NES with minor
things changed like instead of Mowgli
it's a bipedal lion that doesn't look
like anything from The Lion King
you're still ripping off disney with the
jungle book why didn't you just rip off
a Lion King game this is some
ass-backwards logic
[Music]
well if you can't beat him join
okay next up we have another one The
Lion King five don't know where three
and four went I'm sure they'll give some
sort of synopsis for those of us who
missed out Timon is really having a good
time here okay you can tell by that mad
flailing in this game you can select
from three characters Timon Simba and
Pumbaa Simba and Pumbaa look correct but
Timon has no ears and is wearing a
bowtie like what you got the reference
right on the other two
what's wrong with to mode oh dear God
it's walking fingers I mean have you
guys seen the movie you couldn't have
just put something here that wasn't
walking fingers a lizard you know awhile
wildebeest not walking fingers is the
main point I'm trying to make this game
is basically a reproduction of the one
for Super Nintendo but it controls much
worse and it's super glitchy sometimes
you can get farther by manipulating the
edge screen and scroll it's pretty wacky
it's so hard to control out of lives
[Music]
[Applause]
are you kidding me simba [__] hangs
himself when you get a game over he just
steps into a noose
he didn't even kick over a chair the
earth beneath them just gives way yes s
you see it this game is apparently
infamous for its ridiculous game over
sequences which also include Timon
crying while digging his own grave and
Pumbaa jumping into a pot of scalding
water somebody made this folks this is
real I can't understand the rest of the
game is pretty standard it's not meant
to be shocking or anything maybe they
just thought that made sense
okay safe circle life so I'm going dead
huh because he knows circular I can't
live in a spot anymore
such a bummer himself while crying at
the Boomer cook himself Oh for me I
never mind up keep going
I got The Lion King 2 on Genesis here
okay how can I say no to that face
they're getting very close to just
calling up a lion king and having it be
about the Lion King very close we're
almost there now most bootleg games of
this nature are made with recycled
sprites and assets but this one here is
unique and that it was made from the
ground up as its own game
you never know we're gonna get with this
from the day we arrived on the planet I
was scared
and fathers me seriously maybe they
could have taken some of the face they
gave to Mufasa and funneled it it's a
little Simba over here it looks like he
got his head door slam by uma Thurman in
Kill Bill hmm The Lion King is looking
markedly more how you say Chinese this
time around
[Music]
what was that [__] [__] get the [__]
out here all right whatever that's a
little better I guess I'm not gonna
scold you twice in a row whatever The
Lion King - we're in China now deal with
it
zone one will in what the hell is Grill
in well I guess this is grill in that
old Mufasa over here seems to get the
joke huh once again given that this game
was made from the ground up I don't
understand why every single enemy has
nothing to do with the Lion King this
one kind of works on Mario rules if you
grab the big ball of gas you turn into
older Simba and if you get hit you turn
into smaller Simba that crap I died
wait what why why again with the
brutality he's just hanging here again
from a rope this time not around his
neck granted he's clinging a dear life
while ominous music plays do the Chinese
just resent Simba or something you can
tell this game is supposed to play like
the SNES version of Lion King which the
sprite of Simba is directly ripped from
but it can't quite pull it off jumps are
hard everything is floaty and its
overall just pretty tedious ah yes
Jin's tomb forget the terracotta
soldiers really tied it all together and
Skaar was there
yeah round here they start getting too
cute with their level design it's like
making a linear platformer wasn't enough
for them they had to show off their
programming skills too like in this
level you come to a dead end or that
makes a weird noise when you show up to
it come on what is that glitch what a
joy so after like 30 literal minutes of
me running around wanting to blow my
brains out I finally figured out what
you're supposed to do you're supposed to
kill all the enemies in the section
you're in and only then will the door
open up for you not to mention you end
up going back and forth between the same
doors on accident cuz it all looks the
same
also why is this game set in Imperial
China the longer I play the angrier I
get about it how the Lions walk from
Africa to there it's pretty far I
honestly don't know why I'm still
torturing myself by playing this I've
been here for over six hours and I've
got nothing to show for it
[Music]
all my life leading up to this moment
has been worth it second I am truly
blessed beep beep beep I'm sorry what's
that
oh that's just that you can't make this
[__] up alarm get out of my brain
no guys honestly Khan if you're
wondering where this imagery of Simba
cruising atop a swastika Laden blimp
comes from was very simple okay Hitler
was a big fan of the Disney Renaissance
[Music]
well anyways after that life-changer
you just walk off screen to the right
and the game ends what a way to go and
don't you see the final boss was
confronting the Nazi inside of all of us
hell I think at least I don't know it's
all I got
okay moving on from The Lion King we
have Mulan for Genesis hey calm down
Lucia would you maybe tread a little
more lightly some people are trying to
sleep around here wanna be a man well I
mean I don't know I've considered it I
don't know if I'm ready to make the
decision though but thanks for the offer
if you haven't seen the movie this is a
horribly mistranslated reference to the
song be a man from Mulan but at least
they're trying to give us the option huh
alright the game starts and of course
they don't use the song that this level
is based on why would they
Milan what the [__] you know those
people they're your friends yeah in the
movies she's friends with these
characters but I guess in the world of
pirated games it's just a free-for-all
boy what is this a Freddy Krueger glory
hole the absolute most I can say for
this game is that at least it attempts
to be somewhat familiar with the subject
matter the characters look pretty
convincingly like they could be from an
actual Disney licensed game so alright
greatest wall it's completely subjective
Snow planet yeah as you know move on has
always been the best sci-fi alright nice
job guys except for on those hearts
they're terribly terribly asymmetrical
and you should be ashamed hey there John
oh you I'm the great bootleg that's
hokey and all jontron was better wanna
see something really bad too bad [__]
dying dying dying death death help help
barf barf barf barf barf barf no one can
stop the pain please can you stop the
pain
Oh terrific and then magically junk out
the box of that disk Oh white and the
seven clever boys okay every now and
then you see something you just can't
believe is real this is one of those
moments how could anyone have let this
happen
seven clever boys I are these the boys
they don't look so clever come to think
of it neither does anyone in this
picture they look like they were the
result of a brother and sister we like
each other maybe just a little too much
this is an actual licensed game for the
ps2 [__] I want to prefer Lion King to
over this nonsense oh this is real all
right look at that menu screen yeah okay
we got a confused starfish an artistic
crab a very stupid alligator and this
thing also we got the main cast here in
the middle feeling very stranded and
very helpless to amend this situation
they're in Snow White and the Seven
clever boys Snow White and the Seven
clever boys what is that [__] name
blue made this I'm not gonna get over
that I absolutely guarantee you I'm
never gonna get over that name I'm a
clever boy put me in huh put me on there
give me in that but I digress this game
starts off with like a film not quite so
long ago and not so far away no the
second film it's the same river
activating the forest kept perfectly in
order by seven clever and thoughtful
young boy
and here they are and here they are
let's get right to it come on
first there was company who's like a
small bear a small bear
in what sense is this child like a small
bear he's not even wearing a bear on a
t-shirt or anything and then there was
big basil who was cute well for a boy he
was huge
that's tight marry your ACOG kid facts
no going back and then sunny who took
care of the pants of the animals and was
also a very racist depiction of a black
person this game was approved by Sony
with dad in it nice call guys really
good one also maybe you know next time
don't take too much fashion advice from
Uncle Sam and the Harlem Globetrotters
Oh sick lyrics dude sick song
get out of here yeah you're right now
the real game if you could call it that
it's just absolute nothingness it's
literally just mini-games of sliding
puzzles jigsaw puzzles and colouring
books I don't know what convinced
someone that this is the thing that they
should make for the world to see are you
out there who made this I got one thing
to say to you alright follow your dreams
but not this hard don't don't follow him
so hard that this happens but follow
your dreams well done back to menu
Knicks well I think we covered it all I
think that's everything
another letter I fail on explain joys
and sorrows but the last I am synthetic
come on I'm doing something here dress
up whoo oh I got you this is a mistake
well actually dress up who is a website
I guess with dress up games and girl
games we got poo kitchen slacking it's
girl games we got cleanup horse farm -
no boys
Wow also I gotta check out cleanup horse
farm one sometime sounds sounds pretty
good
easily the most fascinating thing about
this website is its section on frozen
games which there are so many of but
nothing nothing comes close to the
majesty of the crowning jewel of this
website the one the only Elsa frozen
brain surgery
frozen brain surge your plant
I cannot even fathom this at this moment
I'm truly dumbfounded it's elegant it's
wonderful it's got a low chance of
survival oh my god right there right in
the right in the brain Oh nighty-night
Elsa it's magical
why Elsa I think I see the problem I see
where you might be having some problems
just gonna just gonna remove these off
you else that just don't worry okay the
rock we're getting the rock right out of
your brain and like nothing ever
happened
this game was barely girlie enough for
me I'm gonna need to see out more great
girl games please you know this is
[__] right up there she is
let's measure that baby how big is that
baby yeah that's about that's the size
of a baby everyone yeah that baby's got
a heart too unlike the creator of this
[__] how many of these are there this is
the thing is this just like an unknown
genre no you are the most adorable baby
in the world I wouldn't say that oh yeah
you're just gonna walk away
turn somebody's baby to a zombie and
just get over you a doddle away your
beautiful baby as a [__] ham coming
out of his head now you're just gonna
look mildly disappointed gyg just walks
away is there a procedure for the
zombification of baby just put a little
oil in on it yeah get some of that just
drop that in the petri dish get that
horn yeah take the hand off see that was
really bugging me
oh he's fixed
what the hell is so don't give me that
cheeky look all right you got yourself
into this mess I'm the one helping you
get out of it you're not doing me any
favors here Elsa baby birth Elsa milking
cow pregnant Elsa foot check oh my god
[Music]
absolutely horrific
Elsa what even doing out there hi this
is my pregnant foot doctor out of these
concepts Inc up at least there's a nice
snowman in the background oh [__] what
the [__] oh God oh why I'm Astro I'm
gonna actually throw up oh my god I'm
actually gonna barf I'm not [__]
around
[Music]
well I can firmly say I didn't like
Frozen Four but that was a salt add 10
for me gonna go watch that movie again
give it give it two thumbs up I'm
scarred for life this is not a joke this
is not a part of that program this for
real I'm
[Music]
well what a ride thanks for watching
this episode of jontron was sponsored by
the wonderful people at loot crate they
are a monthly subscription box service
that specializes in pop culture and
gamer gear they guarantee over $40 worth
and value in each box you're gonna have
four to eight mystery items in their
summer limited edition and you get at
least one t-shirt with every box they
got a theme every month this one is
power power alright let's see what's in
here
alright it's pretty cool labyrinth shirt
I'll actually wear that Harry Potter
sucks Harry Potter doesn't suck
don't keep that Mel Gibson no I
ted's Nathan Drake Mel Gibson I think
this is my personal favorite one by far
it's like it's the old-timey drink the
beer thing you know or just like a
sacrificial you know ow ow for real
quest adventure awaits you enter the
forest at the darkest point where there
is no path see honestly just a bad idea
I think this is a 20-sided die holder
but the Tony decided died on the inside
not the outside that's a shame because
any control this is the 20-sided die who
needs it and also if you're so inclined
there is the loot anime box what do we
got near hot chili salad flavored Pretz
you know you can't say no to that Tokyo
ghoul
now that's ghoulishly cool who is this
so if you like that you think you want
it you can use my special link loot
crate comm slash jontron or if you want
the enemy 1 loot crate calm slash
jontron animate $3.00 off on each get it
before I get you a great birthday
present also if you want to watch a
digital gaming eye voice on Disney games
click right here
[Music]